Pv3-Interface

Copyright (c) 2023 Convexity Holdings Limited. All rights reserved.

This software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or
implied. In no event shall the author or contributors be held liable for any
damages arising in any way from the use of this software.

Pv3-Interface is dual-licensed under both an open source and a proprietary
commercial license, meaning you have a choice of which license to modify and/or
redistribute this software in accordance with.
Generally speaking, if you are not utilizing the software or derivative work to
gain compensation directly or indirectly, you may choose to use Pv3-Interface
under the terms of the LGPLv3 license described below. However, if you use the
software or derivative work to gain compensation or for commercial use, you must
comply with the PPL License with Royalties described below. Please read all
license terms carefully to determine which license you require.

GNU Lesser General Public License v.3 (Non-Commercial Use)

It is free for you to redistribute and/or modify the Pv3-Interface software
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 3 or (at your option) any later version,
subject to the Commons Clause License Condition v1.0 initially set out in linked
terms below.

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose.
For more details, see the full terms of the LGPLv3 License here.

Premia Public License (PPL) with Royalties (Commercial Use)

The commercial PPL License gives you the full rights to use or modify the
Pv3-Interface software in your derivative works and distribute or otherwise use
those derivative works in exchange for compensation of any form.

Notably, this license requires you to pay to the Licensor a royalty fee of 20%
of any revenue earned in connection with your use of the Pv3-Interface software.
For more details, see the full terms of the PPL License with Royalties here.

If you believe you require or will require a PPL License with Royalties, please
contact the Licensor directly at contact@convexity.holdings

LGPLv3 (Interface)
“Commons Clause” License Condition v1.0.

The Software is provided to you by the Licensor under the License, as defined
below, subject to the following condition:

Without limiting other conditions in the License, the grant of rights under the
License will not include, and the License does not grant to you, the right to
Sell the Software.

For purposes of the foregoing, “sell” means practicing any or all of the rights
granted to you under the License to provide to third parties, for a fee or other
consideration (including without limitation fees for hosting or consulting/
support services related to the Software), a product or service whose value
derives, entirely or substantially, from the functionality of the Software. Any
license notice or attribution required by the License must also include this
Commons Clause License Condition notice.

Software: Premia v3-SCI
License: LGPLv3
Licensor: Convexity Holdings Limited

---

INTERFACE ONLY
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3, 29 June 2007

Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <https://fsf.org/>

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.

This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates the terms and
conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public License, supplemented by the
additional permissions listed below.

0. Additional Definitions.

As used herein, "this License" refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser General
Public License, and the "GNU GPL" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public
License.

"The Library" refers to a covered work governed by this License, other than an
Application or a Combined Work as defined below.

An "Application" is any work that makes use of an interface provided by the
Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library. Defining a subclass of
a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode of using an interface provided
by the Library.

A "Combined Work" is a work produced by combining or linking an Application with
the Library. The particular version of the Library with which the Combined Work
was made is also called the "Linked Version".

The "Minimal Corresponding Source" for a Combined Work means the Corresponding
Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code for portions of the
Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are based on the Application, and
not on the Linked Version.

The "Corresponding Application Code" for a Combined Work means the object code
and/or source code for the Application, including any data and utility programs
needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the Application, but excluding the
System Libraries of the Combined Work.

1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.

You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License without
being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.

2. Conveying Modified Versions.

If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a facility
refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application that uses the
facility (other than as an argument passed when the facility is invoked), then
you may convey a copy of the modified version:

a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort to ensure
that, in the event an Application does not supply the function or data, the
facility still operates, and performs whatever part of its purpose remains
meaningful, or

b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of this License
applicable to that copy.

3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.

The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from a header
file that is part of the Library. You may convey such object code under terms of
your choice, provided that, if the incorporated material is not limited to
numerical parameters, data structure layouts and accessors, or small macros,
inline functions and templates (ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of
the following:

a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the Library is
used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License.

b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
document.

4. Combined Works.

You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that, taken together,
effectively do not restrict modification of the portions of the Library
contained in the Combined Work and reverse engineering for debugging such
modifications, if you also do each of the following:

a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that the Library is
used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License.

b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
document.

c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during execution, include
the copyright notice for the Library among these notices, as well as a reference
directing the user to the copies of the GNU GPL and this license document.

d) Do one of the following:

0. Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of this License, and
   the Corresponding Application Code in a form suitable for, and under terms
   that permit, the user to recombine or relink the Application with a modified
   version of the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the
   manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying Corresponding
   Source.

1. Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the Library. A
   suitable mechanism is one that (a) uses at run time a copy of the Library
   already present on the user's computer system, and (b) will operate properly
   with a modified version of the Library that is interface-compatible with the
   Linked Version.

e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would otherwise be required
to provide such information under section 6 of the GNU GPL, and only to the
extent that such information is necessary to install and execute a modified
version of the Combined Work produced by recombining or relinking the
Application with a modified version of the Linked Version. (If you use option
4d0, the Installation Information must accompany the Minimal Corresponding
Source and Corresponding Application Code. If you use option 4d1, you must
provide the Installation Information in the manner specified by section 6 of the
GNU GPL for conveying Corresponding Source.)

5. Combined Libraries.

You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library side by
side in a single library together with other library facilities that are not
Applications and are not covered by this License, and convey such a combined
library under terms of your choice, if you do both of the following:

a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based on the
Library, uncombined with any other library facilities, conveyed under the terms
of this License.

b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it is a work
based on the Library, and explaining where to find the accompanying uncombined
form of the same work.

6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.

The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the GNU
Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be
similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address
new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library as you
received it specifies that a certain numbered version of the GNU Lesser General
Public License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of
following the terms and conditions either of that published version or of any
later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you
received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser General Public
License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser General Public License
ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide whether
future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall apply, that
proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is permanent authorization
for you to choose that version for the Library.

---

NON-COMMERCIAL USE
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3, 29 June 2007

Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. https://fsf.org/

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for software and
other kinds of works.

The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed to take
away your freedom to share and change the works. By contrast, the GNU General
Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change all
versions of a program--to make sure it remains free software for all its users.
We, the Free Software Foundation, use the GNU General Public License for most of
our software; it applies also to any other work released this way by its
authors. You can apply it to your programs, too.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our
General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to
distribute copies of free software (and charge for them if you wish), that you
receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the
software or use pieces of it in new free programs, and that you know you can do
these things.

To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you these rights
or asking you to surrender the rights. Therefore, you have certain
responsibilities if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it:
responsibilities to respect the freedom of others.

For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a
fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same freedoms that you received. You
must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must
show them these terms so they know their rights.

Developers that use the GNU GPL protect your rights with two steps: (1) assert
copyright on the software, and (2) offer you this License giving you legal
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify it.

For the developers' and authors' protection, the GPL clearly explains that there
is no warranty for this free software. For both users' and authors' sake, the
GPL requires that modified versions be marked as changed, so that their problems
will not be attributed erroneously to authors of previous versions.

Some devices are designed to deny users access to install or run modified
versions of the software inside them, although the manufacturer can do so. This
is fundamentally incompatible with the aim of protecting users' freedom to
change the software. The systematic pattern of such abuse occurs in the area of
products for individuals to use, which is precisely where it is most
unacceptable. Therefore, we have designed this version of the GPL to prohibit
the practice for those products. If such problems arise substantially in other
domains, we stand ready to extend this provision to those domains in future
versions of the GPL, as needed to protect the freedom of users.

Finally, every program is threatened constantly by software patents. States
should not allow patents to restrict development and use of software on
general-purpose computers, but in those that do, we wish to avoid the special
danger that patents applied to a free program could make it effectively
proprietary. To prevent this, the GPL assures that patents cannot be used to
render the program non-free.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification
follow.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0. Definitions.

"This License" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License.

"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of works,
such as semiconductor masks.

"The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this License. Each
licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and "recipients" may be individuals
or organizations.

To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a
fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an exact copy.
The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the earlier work or a work
"based on" the earlier work.

A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based on the
Program.

To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without permission,
would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable
copyright law, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy.
Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without modification),
making available to the public, and in some countries other activities as well.

To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other parties to
make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a computer network,
with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.

An interactive user interface displays "Appropriate Legal Notices" to the extent
that it includes a convenient and prominently visible feature that (1) displays
an appropriate copyright notice, and (2) tells the user that there is no
warranty for the work (except to the extent that warranties are provided), that
licensees may convey the work under this License, and how to view a copy of this
License. If the interface presents a list of user commands or options, such as a
menu, a prominent item in the list meets this criterion.

1. Source Code.

The "source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making
modifications to it. "Object code" means any non-source form of a work.

A "Standard Interface" means an interface that either is an official standard
defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of interfaces specified
for a particular programming language, one that is widely used among developers
working in that language.

The "System Libraries" of an executable work include anything, other than the
work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of packaging a Major
Component, but which is not part of that Major Component, and (b) serves only to
enable use of the work with that Major Component, or to implement a Standard
Interface for which an implementation is available to the public in source code
form. A "Major Component", in this context, means a major essential component
(kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating system (if any) on
which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to produce the work, or an
object code interpreter used to run it.

The "Corresponding Source" for a work in object code form means all the source
code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable work) run the object
code and to modify the work, including scripts to control those activities.
However, it does not include the work's System Libraries, or general-purpose
tools or generally available free programs which are used unmodified in
performing those activities but which are not part of the work. For example,
Corresponding Source includes interface definition files associated with source
files for the work, and the source code for shared libraries and dynamically
linked subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require, such as by
intimate data communication or control flow between those subprograms and other
parts of the work.

The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users can regenerate
automatically from other parts of the Corresponding Source.

The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that same work.

2. Basic Permissions.

All rights granted under this License are granted for the term of copyright on
the Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated conditions are met. This
License explicitly affirms your unlimited permission to run the unmodified
Program. The output from running a covered work is covered by this License only
if the output, given its content, constitutes a covered work. This License
acknowledges your rights of fair use or other equivalent, as provided by
copyright law.

You may make, run and propagate covered works that you do not convey, without
conditions so long as your license otherwise remains in force. You may convey
covered works to others for the sole purpose of having them make modifications
exclusively for you, or provide you with facilities for running those works,
provided that you comply with the terms of this License in conveying all
material for which you do not control copyright. Those thus making or running
the covered works for you must do so exclusively on your behalf, under your
direction and control, on terms that prohibit them from making any copies of
your copyrighted material outside their relationship with you.

Conveying under any other circumstances is permitted solely under the conditions
stated below. Sublicensing is not allowed; section 10 makes it unnecessary.

3. Protecting Users' Legal Rights From Anti-Circumvention Law.

No covered work shall be deemed part of an effective technological measure under
any applicable law fulfilling obligations under article 11 of the WIPO copyright
treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or similar laws prohibiting or restricting
circumvention of such measures.

When you convey a covered work, you waive any legal power to forbid
circumvention of technological measures to the extent such circumvention is
effected by exercising rights under this License with respect to the covered
work, and you disclaim any intention to limit operation or modification of the
work as a means of enforcing, against the work's users, your or third parties'
legal rights to forbid circumvention of technological measures.

4. Conveying Verbatim Copies.

You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it,
in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each
copy an appropriate copyright notice; keep intact all notices stating that this
License and any non-permissive terms added in accord with section 7 apply to the
code; keep intact all notices of the absence of any warranty; and give all
recipients a copy of this License along with the Program.

You may charge any price or no price for each copy that you convey, and you may
offer support or warranty protection for a fee.

5. Conveying Modified Source Versions.

You may convey a work based on the Program, or the modifications to produce it
from the Program, in the form of source code under the terms of section 4,
provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

a) The work must carry prominent notices stating that you modified it, and
giving a relevant date.

b) The work must carry prominent notices stating that it is released under this
License and any conditions added under section 7. This requirement modifies the
requirement in section 4 to "keep intact all notices".

c) You must license the entire work, as a whole, under this License to anyone
who comes into possession of a copy. This License will therefore apply, along
with any applicable section 7 additional terms, to the whole of the work, and
all its parts, regardless of how they are packaged. This License gives no
permission to license the work in any other way, but it does not invalidate such
permission if you have separately received it.

d) If the work has interactive user interfaces, each must display Appropriate
Legal Notices; however, if the Program has interactive interfaces that do not
display Appropriate Legal Notices, your work need not make them do so.

A compilation of a covered work with other separate and independent works, which
are not by their nature extensions of the covered work, and which are not
combined with it such as to form a larger program, in or on a volume of a
storage or distribution medium, is called an "aggregate" if the compilation and
its resulting copyright are not used to limit the access or legal rights of the
compilation's users beyond what the individual works permit. Inclusion of a
covered work in an aggregate does not cause this License to apply to the other
parts of the aggregate.

6. Conveying Non-Source Forms.

You may convey a covered work in object code form under the terms of sections 4
and 5, provided that you also convey the machine-readable Corresponding Source
under the terms of this License, in one of these ways:

a) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product (including a
physical distribution medium), accompanied by the Corresponding Source fixed on
a durable physical medium customarily used for software interchange.

b) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product (including a
physical distribution medium), accompanied by a written offer, valid for at
least three years and valid for as long as you offer spare parts or customer
support for that product model, to give anyone who possesses the object code
either (1) a copy of the Corresponding Source for all the software in the
product that is covered by this License, on a durable physical medium
customarily used for software interchange, for a price no more than your
reasonable cost of physically performing this conveying of source, or (2) access
to copy the Corresponding Source from a network server at no charge.

c) Convey individual copies of the object code with a copy of the written offer
to provide the Corresponding Source. This alternative is allowed only
occasionally and noncommercially, and only if you received the object code with
such an offer, in accord with subsection 6b.

d) Convey the object code by offering access from a designated place (gratis or
for a charge), and offer equivalent access to the Corresponding Source in the
same way through the same place at no further charge. You need not require
recipients to copy the Corresponding Source along with the object code. If the
place to copy the object code is a network server, the Corresponding Source may
be on a different server (operated by you or a third party) that supports
equivalent copying facilities, provided you maintain clear directions next to
the object code saying where to find the Corresponding Source. Regardless of
what server hosts the Corresponding Source, you remain obligated to ensure that
it is available for as long as needed to satisfy these requirements.

e) Convey the object code using peer-to-peer transmission, provided you inform
other peers where the object code and Corresponding Source of the work are being
offered to the general public at no charge under subsection 6d.

A separable portion of the object code, whose source code is excluded from the
Corresponding Source as a System Library, need not be included in conveying the
object code work.

A "User Product" is either (1) a "consumer product", which means any tangible
personal property which is normally used for personal, family, or household
purposes, or (2) anything designed or sold for incorporation into a dwelling. In
determining whether a product is a consumer product, doubtful cases shall be
resolved in favor of coverage. For a particular product received by a particular
user, "normally used" refers to a typical or common use of that class of
product, regardless of the status of the particular user or of the way in which
the particular user actually uses, or expects or is expected to use, the
product. A product is a consumer product regardless of whether the product has
substantial commercial, industrial or non-consumer uses, unless such uses
represent the only significant mode of use of the product.

"Installation Information" for a User Product means any methods, procedures,
authorization keys, or other information required to install and execute
modified versions of a covered work in that User Product from a modified version
of its Corresponding Source. The information must suffice to ensure that the
continued functioning of the modified object code is in no case prevented or
interfered with solely because modification has been made.

If you convey an object code work under this section in, or with, or
specifically for use in, a User Product, and the conveying occurs as part of a
transaction in which the right of possession and use of the User Product is
transferred to the recipient in perpetuity or for a fixed term (regardless of
how the transaction is characterized), the Corresponding Source conveyed under
this section must be accompanied by the Installation Information. But this
requirement does not apply if neither you nor any third party retains the
ability to install modified object code on the User Product (for example, the
work has been installed in ROM).

The requirement to provide Installation Information does not include a
requirement to continue to provide support service, warranty, or updates for a
work that has been modified or installed by the recipient, or for the User
Product in which it has been modified or installed. Access to a network may be
denied when the modification itself materially and adversely affects the
operation of the network or violates the rules and protocols for communication
across the network.

Corresponding Source conveyed, and Installation Information provided, in accord
with this section must be in a format that is publicly documented (and with an
implementation available to the public in source code form), and must require no
special password or key for unpacking, reading or copying.

7. Additional Terms.

"Additional permissions" are terms that supplement the terms of this License by
making exceptions from one or more of its conditions. Additional permissions
that are applicable to the entire Program shall be treated as though they were
included in this License, to the extent that they are valid under applicable
law. If additional permissions apply only to part of the Program, that part may
be used separately under those permissions, but the entire Program remains
governed by this License without regard to the additional permissions.

When you convey a copy of a covered work, you may at your option remove any
additional permissions from that copy, or from any part of it. (Additional
permissions may be written to require their own removal in certain cases when
you modify the work.) You may place additional permissions on material, added by
you to a covered work, for which you have or can give appropriate copyright
permission.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, for material you add to a
covered work, you may (if authorized by the copyright holders of that material)
supplement the terms of this License with terms:

a) Disclaiming warranty or limiting liability differently from the terms of
sections 15 and 16 of this License; or

b) Requiring preservation of specified reasonable legal notices or author
attributions in that material or in the Appropriate Legal Notices displayed by
works containing it; or

c) Prohibiting misrepresentation of the origin of that material, or requiring
that modified versions of such material be marked in reasonable ways as
different from the original version; or

d) Limiting the use for publicity purposes of names of licensors or authors of
the material; or

e) Declining to grant rights under trademark law for use of some trade names,
trademarks, or service marks; or

f) Requiring indemnification of licensors and authors of that material by anyone
who conveys the material (or modified versions of it) with contractual
assumptions of liability to the recipient, for any liability that these
contractual assumptions directly impose on those licensors and authors.

All other non-permissive additional terms are considered "further restrictions"
within the meaning of section 10. If the Program as you received it, or any part
of it, contains a notice stating that it is governed by this License along with
a term that is a further restriction, you may remove that term. If a license
document contains a further restriction but permits relicensing or conveying
under this License, you may add to a covered work material governed by the terms
of that license document, provided that the further restriction does not survive
such relicensing or conveying.

If you add terms to a covered work in accord with this section, you must place,
in the relevant source files, a statement of the additional terms that apply to
those files, or a notice indicating where to find the applicable terms.

Additional terms, permissive or non-permissive, may be stated in the form of a
separately written license, or stated as exceptions; the above requirements
apply either way.

8. Termination.

You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly provided
under this License. Any attempt otherwise to propagate or modify it is void, and
will automatically terminate your rights under this License (including any
patent licenses granted under the third paragraph of section 11).

However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your license from a
particular copyright holder is reinstated (a) provisionally, unless and until
the copyright holder explicitly and finally terminates your license, and (b)
permanently, if the copyright holder fails to notify you of the violation by
some reasonable means prior to 60 days after the cessation.

Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated
permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the violation by some
reasonable means, this is the first time you have received notice of violation
of this License (for any work) from that copyright holder, and you cure the
violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the notice.

Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the licenses of
parties who have received copies or rights from you under this License. If your
rights have been terminated and not permanently reinstated, you do not qualify
to receive new licenses for the same material under section 10.

9. Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.

You are not required to accept this License in order to receive or run a copy of
the Program. Ancillary propagation of a covered work occurring solely as a
consequence of using peer-to-peer transmission to receive a copy likewise does
not require acceptance. However, nothing other than this License grants you
permission to propagate or modify any covered work. These actions infringe
copyright if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or
propagating a covered work, you indicate your acceptance of this License to do
so.

10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

Each time you convey a covered work, the recipient automatically receives a
license from the original licensors, to run, modify and propagate that work,
subject to this License. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by
third parties with this License.

An "entity transaction" is a transaction transferring control of an
organization, or substantially all assets of one, or subdividing an
organization, or merging organizations. If propagation of a covered work results
from an entity transaction, each party to that transaction who receives a copy
of the work also receives whatever licenses to the work the party's predecessor
in interest had or could give under the previous paragraph, plus a right to
possession of the Corresponding Source of the work from the predecessor in
interest, if the predecessor has it or can get it with reasonable efforts.

You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the rights
granted or affirmed under this License. For example, you may not impose a
license fee, royalty, or other charge for exercise of rights granted under this
License, and you may not initiate litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that any patent claim is infringed by
making, using, selling, offering for sale, or importing the Program or any
portion of it.

11. Patents.

A "contributor" is a copyright holder who authorizes use under this License of
the Program or a work on which the Program is based. The work thus licensed is
called the contributor's "contributor version".

A contributor's "essential patent claims" are all patent claims owned or
controlled by the contributor, whether already acquired or hereafter acquired,
that would be infringed by some manner, permitted by this License, of making,
using, or selling its contributor version, but do not include claims that would
be infringed only as a consequence of further modification of the contributor
version. For purposes of this definition, "control" includes the right to grant
patent sublicenses in a manner consistent with the requirements of this License.

Each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent
license under the contributor's essential patent claims, to make, use, sell,
offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents of
its contributor version.

In the following three paragraphs, a "patent license" is any express agreement
or commitment, however denominated, not to enforce a patent (such as an express
permission to practice a patent or covenant not to sue for patent infringement).
To "grant" such a patent license to a party means to make such an agreement or
commitment not to enforce a patent against the party.

If you convey a covered work, knowingly relying on a patent license, and the
Corresponding Source of the work is not available for anyone to copy, free of
charge and under the terms of this License, through a publicly available network
server or other readily accessible means, then you must either (1) cause the
Corresponding Source to be so available, or (2) arrange to deprive yourself of
the benefit of the patent license for this particular work, or (3) arrange, in a
manner consistent with the requirements of this License, to extend the patent
license to downstream recipients. "Knowingly relying" means you have actual
knowledge that, but for the patent license, your conveying the covered work in a
country, or your recipient's use of the covered work in a country, would
infringe one or more identifiable patents in that country that you have reason
to believe are valid.

If, pursuant to or in connection with a single transaction or arrangement, you
convey, or propagate by procuring conveyance of, a covered work, and grant a
patent license to some of the parties receiving the covered work authorizing
them to use, propagate, modify or convey a specific copy of the covered work,
then the patent license you grant is automatically extended to all recipients of
the covered work and works based on it.

A patent license is "discriminatory" if it does not include within the scope of
its coverage, prohibits the exercise of, or is conditioned on the non-exercise
of one or more of the rights that are specifically granted under this License.
You may not convey a covered work if you are a party to an arrangement with a
third party that is in the business of distributing software, under which you
make payment to the third party based on the extent of your activity of
conveying the work, and under which the third party grants, to any of the
parties who would receive the covered work from you, a discriminatory patent
license (a) in connection with copies of the covered work conveyed by you (or
copies made from those copies), or (b) primarily for and in connection with
specific products or compilations that contain the covered work, unless you
entered into that arrangement, or that patent license was granted, prior to 28
March 2007.

Nothing in this License shall be construed as excluding or limiting any implied
license or other defenses to infringement that may otherwise be available to you
under applicable patent law.

12. No Surrender of Others' Freedom.

If conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse
you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot convey a covered work so
as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other
pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not convey it at all. For
example, if you agree to terms that obligate you to collect a royalty for
further conveying from those to whom you convey the Program, the only way you
could satisfy both those terms and this License would be to refrain entirely
from conveying the Program.

13. Use with the GNU Affero General Public License.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, you have permission to link
or combine any covered work with a work licensed under version 3 of the GNU
Affero General Public License into a single combined work, and to convey the
resulting work. The terms of this License will continue to apply to the part
which is the covered work, but the special requirements of the GNU Affero
General Public License, section 13, concerning interaction through a network
will apply to the combination as such.

14. Revised Versions of this License.

The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the GNU
General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in
spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems
or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies
that a certain numbered version of the GNU General Public License "or any later
version" applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that numbered version or of any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version number
of the GNU General Public License, you may choose any version ever published by
the Free Software Foundation.

If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions of the
GNU General Public License can be used, that proxy's public statement of
acceptance of a version permanently authorizes you to choose that version for
the Program.

Later license versions may give you additional or different permissions.
However, no additional obligations are imposed on any author or copyright holder
as a result of your choosing to follow a later version.

15. Disclaimer of Warranty.

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

16. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS
PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot
be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts shall
apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil
liability in connection with the Program, unless a warranty or assumption of
liability accompanies a copy of the Program in return for a fee.

---

COMMERCIAL USE
PPL License with Royalties
Version 1, 28 August 2023

Copyright (C) 2023 Convexity Holdings Limited

This PPL License with Royalties sets out the terms by which the licensor of
Pv3-Interface software - Convexity Holdings Limited (“CHL” or “Licensor”) –
grants your use of the software. If you are agreeing to this PPL License on
behalf of your company, government, or other entity for which you are acting,
then “you” means your entity and you are binding your entity to the terms of
this PPL License with Royalties. CHL may modify the terms from time to time,
subject to Section 21 (Changes to License Terms) below.

By using, modifying, and/or redistributing the Software as-is or in a Derivative
Work, which you use directly or indirectly to gain compensation of any kind, you
indicate your assent to be bound by the terms herein.

0. Definitions

The following definitions apply to this License:

“Documentation” means the data sheet, specifications, test procedure and
methodology, and instructions for the software. This definition also includes
system documentation, operating instructions, logs and training manuals, and
documentation reasonably necessary to implement Licensee’s business under this
License.

“Derivative Work” shall mean any work which is based upon the
Pv3-Interfacesoftware, such as a revision, modification, translation,
abridgement, condensation, expansion, collection, compilation or any other form
in which the software may be recast, transformed or adapted, any new material,
information or data relating to and derived from the software, the preparation,
use and/or distribution of which, in the absence of this License or other
authorization from the owner, would constitute infringement under applicable
law.

“Object Code” means computer programming code in executable binary form.

“Software” shall mean intangible Pv3-Interface information in Object Code form
constituting one or more programs and the informational content of such
programs, together with any documentation supplied in conjunction with and
supplementing such programs.

“Source Code” shall mean, collectively (a) the series of uncompiled instructions
or any part thereof in human readable form, test programs and program
specifications, compiler and assembler descriptions comprising a portion of the
licensed software and/or (b) technical documentation, system documentation,
operating instructions, logs, and/or training manuals that Licensor uses to
maintain or support the licensed software.

“Third Party” shall mean, with respect to a party, any Person that is not an
Affiliate of such party. “Update” shall mean any and all changes and updates to
the licensed Technology that improve the general utility, efficiency, and
operating performance of the licensed Technology without altering the basic
function of the licensed Technology or adding new functionality.

“Upgrade” means any and all improvements in the licensed software that add to or
alter the basic functions of the licensed software. Upgrades incorporate all
Updates as well as all fixes for known errors.

1. Grant of Software License.

Subject to the terms herein, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a nonexclusive
license to use the Software and Intellectual Property Rights thereto and convey,
develop, market, license, and/or commercialize use of the Software or Derivative
Work which utilizes the Software (the “License”).

The License granted hereby may not be transferred or sublicensed by Licensee
without written permission from the Licensor.

Restrictions on License.

If the payment of royalty fees is required per Section 3 below during the Term
of this License and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Licensor shall have
the right, at its expense, and upon reasonable advance notice to Licensee, to
have examined by an independent auditor, reasonably acceptable to Licensee,
Licensee’s books and records in order to determine or verify the revenue gained
through Licensee’s use of the Software. Licensor shall not make any such
examination more than twice in any calendar year.

Licensee shall keep adequate records to verify all reports and payments made to
Licensor pursuant to this License for a period of two (2) years following the
date of such reports and payments.

No Other Licenses.

The License granted under this PPL License is specifically set forth herein, and
Licensor grants no other licenses to Licensee by implication or estoppel.

Reservation of Rights.

Licensor reserves all rights not specifically granted to Licensee hereunder.

2. ROYALTY FEES.

Licensee shall also pay to Licensor a royalty fee in the amount of twenty
percent (20%) of Licensee’s total gross revenues earned directly or indirectly
through use of the Software or a Derivative Work during the Term of this PPL
License. Such royalty fee shall be payable on a quarterly basis, one month after
the close of each calendar quarter. Royalty fee payments shall be made in either
Ethereum Tokens or USDC Stablecoin directed to the following digital wallet
address:

- eth:0xa079C6B032133b95Cf8b3d273D27eeb6B110a469
- arb1:0xa079C6B032133b95Cf8b3d273D27eeb6B110a469
- oeth:0xfc5538E1E9814eD6487b407FaD7b5710739A1cC2
- base:0xfc5538E1E9814eD6487b407FaD7b5710739A1cC2

Each royalty fee payment shall be accompanied by a statement detailing the
calculation of the royalty fees being paid, which statement shall be emailed to
contact@convexity.holdings on the same date payment is made.

Taxes and Assessments.

In addition to any other payments due under this PPL
License, Licensee agrees to pay any sales, use, excise, import or export,
value-added or similar tax or duty, and any other tax not based upon Licensor’s
net income, including any penalties and interest, and all government permit or
license fees and all customs and similar fees, levied upon the use or
distribution of the Derivative Works which Licensor may incur in respect of this
PPL License, and any costs associated with the collection or withholding of any
of the foregoing items (“Taxes”). If Licensee fails to pay any Taxes as of the
original due date for such Taxes and Licensor receives any assessment or other
notice (collectively, the “Assessment”) from any governmental taxing authority
providing that such Taxes are due from Licensor, Licensor shall give Licensee
written notice of the Assessment and Licensee shall pay to Licensor or the
taxing authority the amount set forth as due in the Assessment within thirty
(30) days of receipt of such written notice from Licensor.

3. BRANDING.

Licensee and its Affiliates may use the Licensor trademarks in conjunction with
the distribution of the Derivative Works and in their advertising, promotional,
and printed materials for any Derivative Works.

4. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

Ownership of Software. Notwithstanding the granting of the License, the Licensor
shall be and remain the sole and exclusive owner of the Technology and any
Intellectual Property Rights therein with full discretion to direct and derive
the economic benefit of its commercial exploitation, except as otherwise set
forth herein. Licensor shall vigorously prepare, file, prosecute, and maintain
all of the patents comprising part of the licensed Technology to the fullest
extent possible at Licensor’s sole cost and expense. Licensee shall have
reasonable opportunities to advise Licensor and shall cooperate in the filing,
prosecution, and maintenance of such patents and will make available any
records, papers, information, specimens, and the like upon Licensor’s reasonable
request.

Ownership of Improvements and Adaptations. Subject to Licensor’s ownership
interest as described herein, Licensee shall be the owner of Derivative Work
from the Software and any Documentation or Software developed by Licensee or any
relevant contractor of Licensee, notwithstanding any assistance by Licensor in
development and related matters, including, without limitation, pursuant to any
software development agreement and/or software maintenance agreement by and
between Licensor and Licensee. Licensee has the right to resell and/or license
the Derivative Work and Software that it creates.

5. END-USER LICENSING.

Licensee agrees that each copy of any Software distributed by Licensee hereunder
will be accompanied by an end-user license at least as protective of Licensor’s
Software as the terms and conditions governing this PPL License. Licensee agrees
to enforce the terms and conditions applicable to the Software contained in such
license.

6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

Licensor and Licensee each represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it is
organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the country
or state in which it is incorporated; (ii) its execution and delivery of this
PPL License, and the performance of its obligations under this PPL License, have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part, and it has
full corporate power, right, and authority to enter into this PPL License, to
grant the license it has granted hereunder, and to perform its obligations
hereunder; (iii) neither the execution and delivery of this PPL License by it,
nor the performance by it of any of its obligations under this PPL License,
violates any applicable law or regulation of any country, state, or other
governmental unit, or its Articles or Certificates of Incorporation or Bylaws or
other charter documents, or constitutes a violation of, or a breach or default
under, any agreement or instrument, or judgment or order of any court or
governmental authority, to which it is a party or to which it is subject or to
which any of the Technology is subject; (iv) this PPL License is a valid and
binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by equitable principles or by
bankruptcy or other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally; and (v) no
consent, approval, order, or authorization of any person, entity, court, or
governmental authority is required on its part in connection with the execution
and delivery of this PPL License or the performance by it of its obligations
hereunder.

Licensor represents and warrants to Licensee that it has title to, or a license
with a right to sublicense in the form in which it is delivered to Licensee.

To the best of Licensor’s knowledge, the Software contains no malicious code or
computer viruses. Licensor shall immediately notify Licensee if any such problem
is suspected.

7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

Title to the Software and to Intellectual Property Rights therein shall remain in Licensor.

8. OUTSOURCING.

In the event that the Licensee elects to have the functions for which it uses
the Technology performed by a Third Party (referred to as the “Outsourcer”), the
Licensee shall have the right to transfer or assign its rights hereunder to such
Outsourcer for the limited and specific purpose of enabling the Third Party to
provide services to Licensee using the Software or Derivative Work. The licensee
will promptly notify the Licensor as to the identity of the Outsourcer. Licensee
will ensure that such Third Party agrees to use the Software or Derivative Work
only for such purpose and to be otherwise bound by the provisions of this PPL
License.

9. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.

Both Parties shall comply at their own expense with all applicable laws,
ordinances, regulations, and codes in the performance of this PPL License.

10. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE.

The laws of England and Wales shall govern this PPL License and all transactions
under it. Venue for any dispute arising under the terms of this PPL License
shall be in the courts of England and Wales.

11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

THIS AGREEMENT DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.

12. WAIVER.

The failure of either Party at any time to enforce any right or remedy available
to it under this PPL License or otherwise with respect to any breach or failure
by the other Party shall not be construed to be a waiver of that right or remedy
with respect to any other breach or failure by the other Party.

13. SEVERABILITY.

If any of the provisions of this PPL License shall be invalid or unenforceable,
the invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
the entire PPL License, but rather the entire PPL License shall be construed as
if not containing the particular invalid or unenforceable provision or
provisions, and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be construed and
enforced accordingly.

14. SURVIVAL OF OBLIGATIONS.

The obligations of the Parties under this PPL License, which by their nature
would continue beyond the termination, cancellation, or expiration of this PPL
License, shall survive termination, cancellation, or expiration of this PPL
License.

15. TERM AND TERMINATION.

Term.

The Term of this PPL License shall begin on the date the eventual Licensee
first gains any form of compensation directly or indirectly through use of the
Software or Derivative Work and shall continue for so long as the Licensee
continues to utilize the Software or Derivative Work or gain any form of
compensation from its use.

Right to Terminate; Early Termination.

Either Party shall have the right to terminate this PPL License if the other Party
is in material breach of any term or condition of this PPL License and fails to
remedy such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of a written notice of
such breach given by the non-breaching Party and the remedy is acceptable in the
sole satisfaction of the non-breaching party; or

This PPL License may be terminated at any time by mutual written agreement of
both Parties.

Effect of Termination.

In the event of any termination of this PPL License, each Party shall be entitled
to the rights and remedies to which such Party may be entitled under the law. Upon
the termination or expiration of this PPL License, the Licensee shall terminate
further use and distribution of the Software and/or Derivative Work.

WHEREFORE, BY CONVEXITY HOLDINGS LIMITED OFFERING THE SOFTWARE UNDER THIS PPL
LICENSE AND BY YOU – THE LICENSEE USING THE SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE WORK TO
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY GAIN COMPENSATION OF ANY KIND, THE PARTIES DEMONSTRATE
THEIR ASSENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
